website/docs/slider.md, before:

---
id: slider
title: Slider
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Slider component.

<img alt="Slider component " src={useBaseUrl('img/slider.png')} />

### Example usage:
```jsx
import { Slider } from 'react-native-ios-kit';

<Slider
  value={this.state.value2}
  onValueChange={value => this.setState({ value2: value })}
  stepValue={5}
  minIconName="ios-thumbs-down"
  maxIconName="ios-thumbs-up"
  minIconSize={20}
  maxIconSize={20}
/>
```

## Theme  
Uses following `theme` properties:
- `placeholderColor` - icons color
- `primaryColor` - minimum track tint color
- `dividerColor` - maximum track tint color

## Props

### `maxIconColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `placeholderColor` from [theme](./theme)

Color of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxIconName` (optional)
**type:** `string`   

Name of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxIconSize` (optional)
**type:** `number`
**default value:** 35

Size of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxTrackTintColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `dividerColor` from [theme](./theme)

The color used for the track to the right of the button.

### `maxValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`   
**default value:** 100

Maximum value of the slider.

### `minIconColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `placeholderColor` from [theme](./theme)

Color of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minIconName` (optional)
**type:** `string`

Name of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minIconSize` (optional)
**type:** `number`
**default value:** 28

Size of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minTrackTintColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `primaryColor` from [theme](./theme)

The color used for the track to the left of the button.

### `minValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`   
**default value:** 0

Minimum value of the slider.

### `onSlidingComplete` (optional)
**type:** `(value: number) => void`

Callback that is called when the user releases the slider, regardless if the value has changed.
The current value is passed as an argument to the callback handler.

### `onValueChange` (optional)
**type:** `(value: number) => void`

Invoked with the new value when the value changes.

### `stepValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`  
**default value:** 1

Step value of the slider. The value should be between 0 and (maximumValue - minimumValue).

### `style` (optional)
**type:** `Object`

Custom styles to apply to the Icon.

### `theme` (optional)
**type:** [`Theme`](theme)

Custom theme for component. By default provided by the ThemeProvider.

### `value`
**type:**  `number`

Value of the slider.

Commit message:

Update slider docs to advise users of the new project

website/docs/slider.md, after:

---
id: slider
title: Slider
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Slider component.

<img alt="Slider component " src={useBaseUrl('img/slider.png')} />

### Example usage:
```jsx
import { Slider } from 'react-native-ios-kit';

<Slider
  value={this.state.value2}
  onValueChange={value => this.setState({ value2: value })}
  stepValue={5}
  minIconName="ios-thumbs-down"
  maxIconName="ios-thumbs-up"
  minIconSize={20}
  maxIconSize={20}
/>
```

## Theme  
Uses following `theme` properties:
- `placeholderColor` - icons color
- `primaryColor` - minimum track tint color
- `dividerColor` - maximum track tint color

### Deprecation Notice
This component has been removed from **react-native core**.
Instead install it from **@react-native-community/slider** by following the instructions in the new [repository](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-slider).

## Props

### `maxIconColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `placeholderColor` from [theme](./theme)

Color of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxIconName` (optional)
**type:** `string`   

Name of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxIconSize` (optional)
**type:** `number`
**default value:** 35

Size of the maximum track icon (on the right side).

### `maxTrackTintColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `dividerColor` from [theme](./theme)

The color used for the track to the right of the button.

### `maxValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`   
**default value:** 100

Maximum value of the slider.

### `minIconColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `placeholderColor` from [theme](./theme)

Color of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minIconName` (optional)
**type:** `string`

Name of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minIconSize` (optional)
**type:** `number`
**default value:** 28

Size of the minimum track icon (on the left side).

### `minTrackTintColor` (optional)
**type:** `string`
**default value:** `primaryColor` from [theme](./theme)

The color used for the track to the left of the button.

### `minValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`   
**default value:** 0

Minimum value of the slider.

### `onSlidingComplete` (optional)
**type:** `(value: number) => void`

Callback that is called when the user releases the slider, regardless if the value has changed.
The current value is passed as an argument to the callback handler.

### `onValueChange` (optional)
**type:** `(value: number) => void`

Invoked with the new value when the value changes.

### `stepValue` (optional)
**type:** `number`  
**default value:** 1

Step value of the slider. The value should be between 0 and (maximumValue - minimumValue).

### `style` (optional)
**type:** `Object`

Custom styles to apply to the Icon.

### `theme` (optional)
**type:** [`Theme`](theme)

Custom theme for component. By default provided by the ThemeProvider.

### `value`
**type:**  `number`

Value of the slider.
